Update documentation to expand on design goals: (#245)
unitaryfund/ucc: docs/source/benchmarking.rst

Reviewer: This is really fantastic @bachase . Great way to lay out our benchmarking philosophy and guide new users through it.

1. **Circuits**: A selection of circuits for standard quantum algorithms such as QFT, QAOA, Quantum Volume, and QCNN. Circuits are selected to cover a range of qubit counts gate structures, and depth complexities.
     - Many of the included circuits are from the `benchpress <https://github.com/Qiskit/benchpress>`_ benchmarking suite.

2. **Compilers**: UCC is benchmarked comparing its default passes (defined in :class:`ucc.transpilers.ucc_defaults.UCCDefault1`) against other similar defaults for leading compilers, including `Qiskit <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit>`_, `Cirq <https://github.com/quantumlib/Cirq>`_, and `PyTKET <https://github.com/CQCL/tket>`_.
      - The current compiler settings are defined `here <https://github.com/unitaryfund/ucc/blob/fde89f6e25f3adc2b47313e3e1c7cc0b5b2e1a18/benchmarks/scripts/common.py#L90-L207>`_ and we welcome contributions to these defaults as suggested below.

3. **Metrics**: We track several metrics to evaluate compiler performance:
    - *Compiled Gatecount Ratio*: Measures the ratio of 2-qubit gates in the compiled versus raw circuit.
    - *Compilation Time*: Tracks the time taken to compile a circuit.

>     - *Observable under noise*: Measures the fidelity of the compiled circuit under noise models, using an observable relevant for that circuit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - *Observable under noise*: Measures the fidelity of the compiled circuit under a depolarizing noise model, using an observable relevant for that circuit.
```

Currently only one noise model in use. Should we be explicit here or is it okay to be generic?

Author: How about splitting the difference and going with "...the compiled circuit under noise"

I think being generic is fine, as we are likely to change this over time.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good.

4. **Reproducibility**: In order to ensure the reliability of our benchmarks, we follow these practices:
    - Benchmark scripts and results are available in the `UCC repository <https://github.com/unitaryfund/ucc/tree/main/benchmarks>`_.
    - Results are stored in version-controlled reports to track improvements over time.

>     - Official results are run using a dedicated GH runner for consistent comparison.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Official results are run using a dedicated machine for consistent comparison.
```

Just thinking about readers not intimately familiar with GitHub. If you want to keep reference to the github runner, lets use GitHub instead of GH.

Running the benchmarks
----------------------

To run the benchmarks locally, first follow the steps in the
:doc:`contributing guide <contributing>` to setup your dev environment. Then, run
the benchmark script via:

.. code-block:: sh

   poetry run ./benchmarks/scripts/run_benchmarks.sh 8

This will run the benchmarks in parallel on 8 processes, and store the results to

> ``benchmarks/results/`` as CSV files.

Reviewer 2: Why 8? I had the impression that the script automatically figured out how parallel it can run the benchmarks.

Author: The current script defaults to 4 https://github.com/unitaryfund/ucc/blob/5b992eb45d42eaf79aeb949d91d29fa771147d8b/benchmarks/scripts/run_benchmarks.sh#L29

I must've grabbed 8 from the benchmark GH action definition. I can leave it out for now to avoid a misleading number, and then we can choose to update the script to query the number of cores to run on as a separate followup.

Author: Actually, deciding to just instruct the user to specify the desired parallelism. (will push this suggestion shortly)

The script assumes you have GNU parallel available on your machine, available
via ``apt-get install parallel`` on Ubuntu or ``brew install parallel`` on MacOS.

Contributing to benchmarks
--------------------------

We welcome contributions to improve UCC’s benchmarking suite! This could include

- **Adding New Benchmark Circuits** to cover an additional real-world use case.
- **Improving Benchmark Metrics** to add additional metrics of interest to compare compiler performance.

> - **Optimizing Compiler Configuraitons** to improve the default configuration of compilers in the benchmark.

Reviewer: Typo: Configurations

Reviewer: Let's add links here to the code which would specify what we mean by compiler configurations. It might not be clear. For instance, that we mean for Qisket you can just say `compile(optimization level=3)`  vs. needing to Define every transpiler pass in Cirq for instance.

Author: I updated this with a few more details in the latest commit.
